{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang1033\plain\margl1440\margr1440\fs24\fet1{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1\ql{{\fs36 Bibliography}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa0\slmult1 {[1]}{\uc0\u8220 Kvaser CanKing - Kvaser,\uc0\u8221  {\i Kvaser}, Nov. 08, 2024. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://kvaser.com/software/kvaser-canking-2/"}}{\fldrslt https://kvaser.com/software/kvaser-canking-2/}} (accessed Dec. 04, 2024).}\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa0\slmult1 {[2]}{B. Alexandar, \uc0\u8220 Can Board Design Requirements and Previous Layout,\uc0\u8221  Nov. 04, 2024.}\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa0\slmult1 {[3]}{\uc0\u8220 RM0440 Reference manual STM32G4 Series advanced Arm \uc0\u174  -based 32-bit MCUs,\uc0\u8221  2022. Available: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.st.com/resource/en/reference_manual/rm0440-stm32g4-series-advanced-armbased-32bit-mcus-stmicroelectronics.pdf"}}{\fldrslt https://www.st.com/resource/en/reference_manual/rm0440-stm32g4-series-advanced-armbased-32bit-mcus-stmicroelectronics.pdf}}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa0\slmult1 {[4]}{STMicroelectronics, \uc0\u8220 STM32CubeG4/Projects/STM32G474E-EVAL/Examples/FDCAN/FDCAN_Classic_Frame_Networking/Src/main.c at master \uc0\u183  STMicroelectronics/STM32CubeG4,\uc0\u8221  {\i GitHub}, 2019. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/STMicroelectronics/STM32CubeG4/blob/master/Projects/STM32G474E-EVAL/Examples/FDCAN/FDCAN_Classic_Frame_Networking/Src/main.c"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/STMicroelectronics/STM32CubeG4/blob/master/Projects/STM32G474E-EVAL/Examples/FDCAN/FDCAN_Classic_Frame_Networking/Src/main.c}} (accessed Dec. 04, 2024).}\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa0\slmult1 {[5]}{V. Stoyanov, \uc0\u8220 STM32 FDCAN Communication: How do you set up FDCAN using low level programming on STM32U5?,\uc0\u8221  {\i Stack Overflow}, Jul. 14, 2023. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://stackoverflow.com/questions/76688974/stm32-fdcan-communication-how-do-you-set-up-fdcan-using-low-level-programming-o"}}{\fldrslt https://stackoverflow.com/questions/76688974/stm32-fdcan-communication-how-do-you-set-up-fdcan-using-low-level-programming-o}}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa0\slmult1 {[6]}{E. Liu, {\i 2024 CAN Board Housing}. 2024.}\par}}
}
